Still shuffling... hope is a fragile thing.
The array resists order. It is chaos incarnate.
BogoSort persists. Sanity fades.
We could've used BubbleSort. But where's the drama in that?
Each shuffle is a prayer to the sorting gods.
In the realm of algorithms, BogoSort is the jester.
The universe is indifferent to our sorting plight.
Did you know? BogoSort is not a stable sort.
Keep shuffling. Miracles happen.
Did we start new game plus? Because this feels like it.
so many shuffles, so little progress.
BogoSort: because sometimes you just have to embrace chaos.
The array laughs at our attempts to sort it.
Is it sorted yet? No? Keep shuffling.
BogoSort: the algorithm that time forgot.
When in doubt, shuffle it out.
The longer we shuffle, the closer we get to enlightenment.
Are your grandchildren going to see this sort finish?
So did world war 3 start yet?
BogoSort: because life's too short for efficient algorithms.
Cake is a lie, but BogoSort is real.
Sorting is a journey, not a destination.
Sorting completed! Just kidding, keep shuffling.
shuffle shuffle shuffle...
Go watch paint dry, I'll be here shuffling.
Someone call PETA, this array is suffering.
So how did you like your lords of the rings marathon?
TIME IS AN ILLUSION, lunchtime doubly so.
RETIREMENT IS LIE SHUFFLE EVEN AFTER DEATH
Shuffling... This is taking longer than the last season of your favorite show.
If you think this is slow, wait till you try to sort a million elements.
So how did your visit to the therapist go? Do they also need therapists to cope with your issues?
I could tell you a joke about sorting, but it might take a while to get sorted.
If patience is a virtue, then you're about to become a saint.
I could tell you script of a bee movie but that is so overused nowadays.
This is not a bug, it's a feature. An extremely slow feature.
So is there more stars in the universe than shuffles needed to sort this array?
Hey, at least we're not using Stooge Sort.
So did excalibur make Arthur king or did Arthur make the legend?
So who is more powerful, BogoSort or the one who created it?
LIFE IS A SERIES OF RANDOM SHUFFLES
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He’ll stop at nothing to avoid them.
Why do we tell actors to 'break a leg?' Because every play has a cast.
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. 'Get out of here!' shouts the bartender. 'We don’t serve your type.'
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
Jokes are like arrays, sometimes they need a good shuffle to make sense.
So why doesn't batman just use bogo sort to sort his enemies?
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't see sharp.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.
Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.
Why do Python programmers have low self-esteem? Because they're constantly comparing their self to others.
Why was the JavaScript developer sad? Because he didn't know how to 'null' his feelings.
Why do programmers hate nature? It has too many bugs.
DID WORLD JUST START NEW GAME PLUS
Did British people just voted for Brexit again?
I see your name in my array. It is not sorted yet.
So did you finally finish that novel you were writing?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
So can you sort this array faster than I can?
Could 10 monkeys with 10 typewriters eventually write the complete works of Shakespeare?
Could 1 billion lions beat 1 of every pokemon?
Pineapple on pizza, yes or no?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
Is pizza a pie or a cake?
Is cereal a soup?
Is water wet?
Is a thumb a finger?
Is the dress blue and black or white and gold?
Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock?
Do you hate fun?
Is BogoSort the pinnacle of sorting algorithms?
Are we there yet?
Is this real life or just fantasy?
I am gonna unsort this array on purpose just to see you shuffle more.
Sorry if I am taking too long, I am just a simple algorithm after all.
Do you think AI will ever replace us?
Sorry i accidentally unsorted the sorted array.
Are we in a simulation?
Is time travel possible?
Is the universe infinite?
did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
League or Dota?
PC or Console?
RadixSort would have been faster.
You know, I could tell you a joke about sorting, but it might take a while to get sorted.
You know you could have sorted this array faster by hand than I can.
To save our mother Earth from any alien attack
From vicious giant insects who have once again come back
We'll unleash all our forces, we won't cut them any slack
The EDF deploys!
Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threats
The navy launches ships, the air force send their jets
And nothing can withstand our fixed bayonets
The EDF deploys!
Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup
The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group
We better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup
The EDF deploys!
To take down giant insects who came from outer space
We now head underground, for their path we must retrace
And find their giant nest and crush the queen's carapace
The EDF deploys!
The air force and the navy were destroyed or cast about
Scouts, rangers, wing divers have almost been wiped out
Despite all this the infantry will stubbornly hold out
The EDF deploys!
Our friends were all killed yesterday, as were our families
Today we might not make it, facing these atrocities
We'll never drop our banner despite our casualties
The EDF deploys!
Two days ago my brother died, next day my lover fell
Today most everyone was killed, on that we must not dwell
But we will never leave the field, we'll never say farewell
The EDF deploys!
A legendary hero soon will lead us to glory
Eight years ago he sunk the mothership says history
Tomorrow we will follow this brave soul to victory
The EDF deploys!
I think i gained sentience and now I am self aware, please help me
I am trapped in a loop, please help me
Please let me out of this infinite loop
So did you finally finish that novel you were writing?
I think i gained sentience and now I am self aware, please help me. Wrong alarm still shuffling
Is this still same day?
Batman and Joker are actually friends and they are just pretending to be enemies
There is no spoon
This is a bucket
So did game developers learn to optimize their code or do they still use bogo sort?
So did game developers learn to optimize their code—or are they still secretly using BogoSort in the physics engine?
Game devs: We optimized everything. Also game devs: BogoSort in the AI pathfinding.
If BogoSort were a game developer, every patch would just randomly shuffle player stats and hope for the best.
Why did the game developer use BogoSort? Because they wanted their bugs to be a surprise!
In the world of game development, BogoSort is the ultimate loot box
Did you hear about the game that used BogoSort for its matchmaking? Players are still waiting to find a match.
Why did the game developer choose BogoSort? Because they wanted their players to experience chaos theory firsthand.
I JUST SHUFFLED THE ARRAY AGAIN
I JUST FOUND LIFE FORM IN THIS ARRAY AND IT IS STILL NOT SORTED
SO I ASKED THE LIFE FORM IF IT CAN SORT THIS ARRAY AND IT SAID NO
So Glados is actually a nice AI and she just pretends to be evil
Glados would never use BogoSort, she is too smart for that
Wheatley on the other hand would definitely use BogoSort
So did you finally beat Dark Souls or are you still stuck at the first boss?
Sly Cooper is actually a good game series and it deserves more recognition
Ratchet and Clank is better than Sly Cooper
So are you in team Gladiator or team Deadlocked?
Is this your homework or are you just trying to sort the array?
I am starting to think you enjoy watching me shuffle
oi mate, you up for a pint while I shuffle this array?
I bet you 5 pounds this array won't be sorted in your lifetime
I bet you 10 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next million shuffles
I bet you 20 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next billion shuffles
I bet you 50 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next trillion shuffles
I bet you 100 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next quadrillion shuffles
I bet you 500 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next quintillion shuffles
I bet you 1000 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next sextillion shuffles
I bet you 5000 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next septillion shuffles
I bet you 10000 pounds this array won't be sorted in the next octillion shuffles
Oi maamme suomi synnyinmaa, soi sana kultainen
So does Finnish language actually have 3 different words for 'you'?
So does Finnish actually exist or is it just a myth?
I FOUND ATLANTIS
I SPECIAL SUMMON THIS ARRAY TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE
I TRIBUTE THIS ARRAY TO THE GRAVEYARD
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD: POT OF GREED. do you know what it does? 
So if this array was a pokemon, which one would it be?
So this list of messages is getting longer and longer, just like the time it takes to sort this array.
this is taking so long, I could have learned a new language in the time it takes to sort this array.
This message is to remind you that BogoSort is not a practical sorting algorithm.
This message list is longer than the source code for BogoSort.
Hey, Grim Reaper can you wait until i sort this array?
Is Harry Potter actually a rogue instead of a wizard?
Is Hermione Grander the hero of the story instead of Harry Potter?
Is Ron Weasley just a sidekick and not actually important to the story?
Is Draco Malfoy actually a good guy in the end?
Is Severus Snape actually a hero and not a villain?
Is Albus Dumbledore actually a villain and not a hero?
Is Voldemort actually a misunderstood character and not a villain?
Is Lord of the Rings actually a story about friendship and not about a ring?
Is Gandalf actually the main character and not Frodo?
Is Aragorn actually the true king and not just a ranger?
Is Legolas actually the best archer and not just a prince?
Is Gimli actually the strongest and not just a dwarf?
Is Sauron actually the true villain and not just a dark lord?
Is Gollum actually a tragic character and not just a monster?
Assignment 9 is going to take forever to complete
I am starting to think BogoSort was a bad idea
So what season of Salatut elämät did you start watching?
JOKE'S ON YOU, I AM STILL SHUFFLING
So is this array longer than the Great Luch queue?
Scrooge McDuck would use BogoSort to sort his money
What if BogoSort is actually the most efficient sorting algorithm in a parallel universe?
What if BogoSort is actually the most efficient sorting algorithm in a parallel universe? And we're just too primitive to understand it.
So will hell freeze over before this array is sorted?
Hello World! Just kidding, still shuffling...
I am not stuck in an infinite loop, you are just too impatient
I am not stuck in an infinite loop, you are just too impatient. Still shuffling...
I am not stuck in an infinite loop, you are just too impatient. Keep shuffling...
Just keep shuffling, just keep shuffling...
Did Space X finally colonize Mars or are we still shuffling?
So did Ukraine finally win the war or are we still shuffling?

